AllStudent/AllStaff notification
Prices for paid events (SiS)
Power strips
Paper for counter/Thane tables
Talk to the drama department about theater scheduling
Pens
Move Rock Band to hallway
Have one hallway for SiS - weather dependent
Warhammer - couple people interested.  Try to get them back next year.
Computer Club - Wants to come back next year.  Need to keep in contact with them for next year.
Around noon Thursday - meet at enterance high school
Need to get paperwork done to get sales tax back for Sam's Club
Nanocon Shirts for Staffs - pre-ordered and have to paid.  If you get a shirt you are expected to work.
Need to talk vendors - talk to rainbow and invite them, confirm with everybody
Get schedule filled up
Need to get fliers, buisness cards and booklets done and send them out asap
Meetings every 3 weeks or once a month
Make up a group for Nanocon on Yahoo
Next meeting - Second Tuesday of December 8th


The Good:
	SiS
	Pizza
	Concessions
	video Games
	High School kids helped a lot of concessions - quite a few of them wanted to come back next year.  Going to cut them a check of $250 this year.
	Dragons Den - running Magic was money well spent
	Sis loves Nanocon, loves being here, especially when the weather is great
	

The Bad:
	Concessions advert
	Big Menu posted on the wall
	Recyling bins - need to get them to there next year
	Need to put out the word that we're looking for people to fill the schedule - expand the booklet
	Tabs - people should do something for nanocon to hold a tab.  You have to be a Gaming club member before nanocon to get a tab.
	Chili - we do need the hot food item.  Homecooked is too expensive.  Convert to Canned Chili.
	Need someone up at front for guests or a sign saying "talk to consessions" or "talk to 'blank'"
	Strange smell out back - keep eye out
	Raffle - have SiS run their own raffle. Do we want to expand and add a raffle for us?
	 

The Ugly:
	Web site up a lot earlier - Goal is to have start of website up before Vermincon. Pre-registration online. need to look at domain, hosting, and whatnot. 
	Computer Club - talk to computer club and keep them in contact
	soofoo gamers - invite them this , if Brandon is on, then we'll do it for next year
	Booklet - Needs to be done several months beforehand. Get advertisement earlier. Up the prices for advertisement. Proofreading.
	SRA/SCA - cutting them
	
	
	
	
	
	
	