Stats about the Vendors

Fantasy Trading Post
	says about $75 would be reasonable price for size of our con in relation to surrounding cons.  
	Biggest selling point was his Wolf books, Howard bought most of them.
	Around $1000, white wolf books biggest seller, Howard bought most
	Around $300 in sales for clothes. ($5 per cloth item.
	Would be willing to pay a 100, that happy
	Asks to keep an eye out on price difference between Artist Alley and Vendors, that could cause some issues with vendors.  Not so much as competition, but the thought of we sell, they sell, different.  
	Gives credit to Len for getting him here
	Would be willing to come up and discuss econimics of con and pricing between artists and vendors, and some common pitfalls between them.
	Says we are a con, we are a successful con.
	
	Didn't use conbucks this year.
	
	"This was a fun convention with some great people.  I enjoyed my time and had a very successful run as a vendor.  I would love to come back" - Derek Williams - Fantasy Trading Post

Dragon's Den
	Around a $100 would be acceptable
	Better than previous years
	Have an outlet for pop, whre someone can buy at cost
	Con bucks good start with them
	They did use the tokens on friday
	They would be willing to talk about coke, they could get it directly from Coca Cola
	Packed on Friday Night
	Little concerned about the security
	"I love this con. I've been doing it for a long time, and I'm going to keep doing it for a long time."
	
	Will probably not be here thursday, n
	Vendors will probably leave early / arrive later
	
	Focus more on well known people from gaming industry, not just game design in general.
	$48 in con bucks
	
	Earned about double what they did last year
	
ACME
	Will be back
	Didn't use con bucks
	Not quite sure on vendor charge
		Do have other bigger shows they were interested in
	"Great Atmosphere, like this place."
	Made about half of what they did last year.
	Probably won't be here the first day
	
Bookstore
	Broke $1000
	Too early in teh morning ~11
	Definately popular conbucks
	Liked the service we provided
	Final Meeting invite
	"It was great ot be invited as a vendor, and great to be a part of such a unique event at DSU." - Heather Gillespie
	Would be willing to stay the 4 days next year
	
	

Flashbax
	RPGA area need to be more organized, people went back there twice to do scheduled events.
		will be numbers on the tables next year
	A lot of fun
	"As always, Nanocon has always been our favorite event of hte year. It's our best event of the year.  We will be coming back each year, and this is like family."
	About 2/3rds earned from last year.
	All 4 days next
	Bigger con would be around $100, be pushing it.